of that framework, right?
So we can kick
this off, right? If
we just clear this
agent out slash parallel,
and I'm just going
to paste in a
prompt that I have
here, right? I'm going
to paste this in,
extract information. We want
to add to our
claw.md that we want
all future agents to
know about essentials only
present bullet list do
not modify the file
directly and we want
three let's say let's
kick it up to
five this is the
advantage of spinning up
more compute, right? You
just bump up the
number of instances, the
number of agents you
want to fire off
to accomplish a task.
And so what's the
advantage of running a
prompt like this, right?
LLMs, agents, they're non-deterministic.